Part2/README.md, before:

# Commit_2_lesson_2
## Documentation
This is the reference to node.js.
1. [Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/node)
2. [libuv](https://libuv.org/)
3. [libuv/doc](https://docs.libuv.org/en/v1.x/)
4. [libuv.git](https://github.com/libuv/libuv)
5. [Event Loop](https://nodejs.org/en/learn/asynchronous-work/event-loop-timers-and-nexttick)
6. [Event Emitter](https://nodejs.org/api/events.html#events_events)

### Definition 
1. Async means to do it concurrently.
2. Non-blocking function helps in assisting in other task. JS is synchronous langauge. 
3. Node.js is single threaded langauge not a multi-thread. Refer to udemy lesson 28 (5:47) and lesson 29.
4. Event loop for call-back function this allows node.js to be multi-thread. 
5. Node has 3 timers setTimeout, setInterval, setImmediate. setTimeout is when a function times out after e.g 100ms. setInterval is when a function executes after e.g 100ms loops a function on that interval, set Immediate execute immediately.It executes immediatly after and I/O operations. Lesson 32 of udemy.Close callbacks closes the loop and re-executes the loop.timers: this phase executes callbacks scheduled by setTimeout() and setInterval().
pending callbacks: executes I/O callbacks deferred to the next loop iteration.
idle, prepare: only used internally.
poll: retrieve new I/O events; execute I/O related callbacks (almost all with the exception of close callbacks, the ones scheduled by timers, and setImmediate()); node will block here when appropriate.
check: setImmediate() callbacks are invoked here.
close callbacks: some close callbacks, e.g. socket.on('close', ...)
6. Node is event driven. Oberver design pattern.

### Files
[Events.js](/events.js)
[Race.js](/race.js)

Commit message:

third commit modules and index.js refer to main README.md

Part2/README.md, after:

# Commit_2_lesson_2
## Documentation
This is the reference to node.js.
1. [Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/node)
2. [libuv](https://libuv.org/)
3. [libuv/doc](https://docs.libuv.org/en/v1.x/)
4. [libuv.git](https://github.com/libuv/libuv)
5. [Event Loop](https://nodejs.org/en/learn/asynchronous-work/event-loop-timers-and-nexttick)
6. [Event Emitter](https://nodejs.org/api/events.html#events_events)

### Definition 
1. Async means to do it concurrently.
2. Non-blocking function helps in assisting in other task. JS is synchronous langauge. 
3. Node.js is single threaded langauge not a multi-thread. Refer to udemy lesson 28 (5:47) and lesson 29.
4. Event loop for call-back function this allows node.js to be multi-thread. 
5. Node has 3 timers setTimeout, setInterval, setImmediate. setTimeout is when a function times out after e.g 100ms. setInterval is when a function executes after e.g 100ms loops a function on that interval, set Immediate execute immediately.It executes immediatly after and I/O operations. Lesson 32 of udemy.Close callbacks closes the loop and re-executes the loop.timers: this phase executes callbacks scheduled by setTimeout() and setInterval().
pending callbacks: executes I/O callbacks deferred to the next loop iteration.
idle, prepare: only used internally.
poll: retrieve new I/O events; execute I/O related callbacks (almost all with the exception of close callbacks, the ones scheduled by timers, and setImmediate()); node will block here when appropriate.
check: setImmediate() callbacks are invoked here.
close callbacks: some close callbacks, e.g. socket.on('close', ...)
6. Node is event driven. Oberver design pattern.

### Files

[Events.js](/events.js) - Event Based
[Race.js](/race.js) - Timer set

1. If you aren't too familiar with the latest asynchronous JavaScript features, head on over to Appendix: Asynchronous JavaScript to get familiar with how what we've learned applies to JavaScript code. Once you are done with that section, come back here and continue with the course!

2. If you have already worked extensively with asynchronous Javascript, Promises, and async / await, you can ignore the Appendix: Asynchronous JavaScript section and head on over to the next section where we learn how to use Node modules!
